- And
- how
- does
- I
- call
- you
- like?
- You
- can
- call
- me
- Donald.
- For
- real.
- It's
- Trump,
- isn't
- it?
- Right.
- Rakim,
- remember
- at
- the
- beginning,
- what
- are
- you
- doing?
- TR.
- So
- how
- long
- has
- there
- been
- businesses?
- Well,
- business
- started
- from
- the
- day
- one,
- from
- early
- in
- the
- world.
- And
- what
- was
- they
- doing
- business
- in
- back
- the
- day?
- Many,
- many,
- many
- years
- ago,
- hundreds
- of
- millions
- years
- ago,
- people
- were
- doing
- business
- and
- they
- were
- trading
- in
- rocks
- and
- stones
- other
- things.
- Who
- would
- want
- to
- buy
- rocks?
- I
- don't
- know,
- man.
- You've
- got
- to
- ask
- them
- that.
- I've
- got
- some
- business
- idea
- that
- I
- just
- want
- to
- tell
- you
- about.
- I'll
- be
- a
- fool
- if...
- Very
- quickly.
- What
- is
- the
- most
- popular
- thing
- in
- the
- world?
- Music.
- No.
- Tell
- me.
- Ice
- cream.
- Okay.
- Everyone
- has
- it.
- And
- what
- is
- the
- problem
- with
- ice
- cream?
- I
- have
- no
- idea.
- It
- drips.
- Okay.
- So
- me
- idea
- is
- what?
- To
- make
- a
- drip
- proof
- ice
- cream.
- No.
- Oh,
- that's
- a
- fucking
- brilliant
- idea,
- this.
- All
- right,
- whatever.
- You
- ain't
- gonna
- come
- out
- with
- that,
- though.
- No,
- I
- promise
- you
- I
- won't.
- Well,
- me
- idea
- is
- to
- come
- out
- with
- just
- like
- these
- ice
- cream
- gloves
- that
- make
- the
- ice
- cream
- not
- go
- on
- your
- hands
- and
- make
- it
- all
- well
- sticky
- and
- also
- keep
- your
- hands
- warm
- when
- you
- is
- eating
- the
- ice
- cream.
- Is
- you
- in
- or
- is
- you
- in?
- Okay,
- well,
- it
- sounds
- like
- a
- good
- idea
- and
- I
- hope
- you
- make
- a
- lot
- of
- money.
- Good
- luck,
- folks.
- It's
- been
- nice
- seeing
- you.
- You
- take
- care
- of
- yourself,
- okay?
- you
- going
- to
- be
- in
- on
- that?
- Well,
- it
- sounds
- like
- an
- interesting...
- We've
- got
- like
- P.
- Diddy
- is
- going
- to
- be
- in
- it.
- Good.